---
title: "Playlists pagination, bugfixes."
date: 2020-08-10T10:54:49
---

The "Quicklink" page has been added, which contains all the information on links, streams, passwords and accesses. Playlists now support pagination. If there are too many tracks in the playlist, the display will be divided into pages and the number of tracks on the page can be changed in the settings. If a track has a cover in the playlist, it will be marked in the track list. An option to search for tracks by title, artist, or file name has been added to the playlist. Fixed incorrect display of recurring events in the broadcast grid. Fixed an error that caused some events in the broadcast grid to overlap each other. The maps API has been updated according to the latest requirements of the MapBox maps service. The work of the listener statistics collection script has been improved, and the speed of its operation has been increased. A ban on repetition for jingles that are inside the jingle block. Sometimes track covers were not displayed correctly in the history, fixed. Fixed errors in changing the server from icecast to shoutcast. Fixed an error when installing a playlist in the broadcast grid by clicking on a button in the playlist list. Fixed a memory leak in AutoDJ. The button to delete several tracks from the playlist did not work if many files were selected - fixed. Traffic statistics did not work for SSL ports - fixed. Improved support for Unicode tags in mp3 files. For jingles, extended mp3 tags such as year, album, genre, etc. are now also sorted out. In some cases, deleting a track from the playlist caused an error - fixed. Improved the calculation of the duration of mp3 files, which eventually gives a more accurate calculation of the duration of playlists. Corrections in the airing of interval jingles. Meta-data synchronization has been improved for files from the network (it is now re-readable). In some cases, files from the network were not displayed correctly in the list - fixed. Integration with TuneIn now works with meta-data from DJs and repeaters. The algorithm for sending data to TuneIn has been improved. In some cases, the Auto DJ did not correctly display listeners' requests on the air (or did not display them at all) - fixed. Several fixes to the m3u playlist file import feature. Incorrect listening links were displayed on some pages for the Icecast-kh server, fixed. The loading of cover images has been fixed for repeaters.

